Hello, guys.
Welcome back to the course.
And today, we will build another room project.
And we will use HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
So today we are going to make a color picker so that we can pick the color from any website we want.
So let's your demo first.
So we had Accenture and Tab here.
And here you can see our color picker extension.
So whenever you click on it, you can see this pop up and you can see this button.
So when you click on it, you can see now we have this color picker.
And with the help of it, we can
see the color of any webpage.
Nor just a web page, any kind of window.
As you can see, we can see the color that you have picked.
And it is also stored in the clipboard of the computer.
So if I press control V, you can see that it was copied to our clipboard.